SignalR differences (#9457)
aspnet/Docs: aspnetcore/signalr/version-differences.md

ASP.NET Core SignalR supports JSON, as well as a new binary protocol based on [MessagePack](xref:signalr/messagepackhubprotocol). Additionally, custom protocols can be created.

### Transports

> Forever Frame is not supported in ASP.NET Core SignalR.

Reviewer: Maybe a note on that fact that websockets is much more widely adopted now so we can safely do this. Something along those lines.

Author: I'm not sure if we should add that. We don't explain any of our decisions for other differences.

The ability to pass arbitrary state between clients and the hub (often called HubState) has been removed, as well as support for progress messages. There is no counterpart of hub proxies at the moment.

### GlobalHost

> ASP.NET Core has Dependency Injection built into the framework. The `GlobalHost` object that was commonly used to get a `HubContext` via `GlobalHost.ConnectionManager.GetHubContext<MyHub>();` no longer exists and instead services should use DI to access the [`HubContext`](xref:signalr/hubcontext).

Reviewer: commonly used in ASP.NET SignalR to get a `HubContext` via ` ...

> ASP.NET Core has Dependency Injection built into the framework. The `GlobalHost` object that was commonly used to get a `HubContext` via `GlobalHost.ConnectionManager.GetHubContext<MyHub>();` no longer exists and instead services should use DI to access the [`HubContext`](xref:signalr/hubcontext).

Reviewer 2: A suggestion to avoid past tense for ASP.NET 4.x SignalR:
```suggestion
ASP.NET Core has dependency injection (DI) built into the framework. Services can use DI to access the [HubContext](xref:signalr/hubcontext). The `GlobalHost` object that is used in ASP.NET SignalR to get a `HubContext` doesn't exist in ASP.NET Core SignalR.
```

> ### HubPipline

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### HubPipeline
```

The dependency on jQuery has been removed, however projects can still use jQuery.

### Internet Explorer support

> Microsoft Internet Explorer 11 is the lowest supported version of IE.

Reviewer: "is the lowest supported version of IE in ASP.NET Core SignalR" or something of the sort.

> Microsoft Internet Explorer 11 is the lowest supported version of IE.

Reviewer 2: ...11 is the lowest supported version of IE in ASP.NET Core SignalR, versus ?? in ASP.NET SignalR.

> Microsoft Internet Explorer 11 is the lowest supported version of IE in ASP.NET Core SignalR, versus IE 8 in ASP.NET SignalR.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
ASP.NET Core SignalR requires at least Microsoft Internet Explorer **11**.
```

"versus" feels awkward

Reviewer 2: Eliminating "versus" is fine, but the suggested change eliminates the info about the corresponding version for ASP.NET 4.x SignalR.
